- Ok. today we wanna talk about one thing related to everyone here.
- We're talking about 'secrets' and confessing.
- I think everyone have secrets, the things that you wouldn't want to show to the world but you, maybe.
- But keeping a secret in your heart is somehow devastating. Keeping too much inside is a burden that will bring you down someday.
- I've been through a crash like this when I was in high school ‒well it happened on one of my close friends of course, not me‒ and when I started to work on the topic, I realized it could be an important instance to show you how confessing is important to mental health.

- It was at the time that we, the grade 3 students,  were all lock up in the campus during the pandemic. We couldn't go out on weekends, so the school conducted some activities and competitions to enrich our weekends like allowing us to watch movies in classroom. One day when I was watching a movie, I received a little piece of paper tape. And it said "Would you hang out with me for a while? I've got something to tell you." So initially I was not that willing to go because I wanted to finish the movie. But then after a while the movie didn't seem to be that attractive any more, so I grabbed a drink and go with the buddy. We walked to the far end of the playground, avioding the crowds, and I witnessed the confession and 'break down' of a friend of mine, one full of self-abasement and heart-broken friend, descriping how much love the parents and friends has given to her but she failed to respond with good grades with tears. At last I even had to go to the retail and buy a bag of tissue. After that, I felt that my friend is a lot better, just because some talk with someone trusted.

- The main point is that we might be the kind of person 'broken' but showing 'ok' to the rest of the world. we spent nearly no time on things like this until they pile up and become way too big to handle, affecting our daily life and leave a scar. I'm here to get your attention on what's going on in your brain: it might be good to have some stress, but stressing out is never a good status. Since piling up is not an option, you need to find a way out to let your emotion flow, but not everyone could find a proper, trusted individual to talk to. What we really afraid of is comments, no matter positive or negative. The real thing needed is a listener without comments. When you really need a listener like this but you cannot find one right away, we are about to offer some.